Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
* Hey *
* When they told me
I was young *
* Hey *
* I thought that
you'd be happy *
* I'll sing your name
and  I'll sing it loud *
* 'cause where I'm from there's
no reason to doubt you *
* I'll sing your name
and I'll sing it loud *
* Hey. hey *
Here we go. Juniper.
Your dad and I wanted
to save this one for last.
It's a special gift
for a very special Junebug.
It's a Junebug. just like me.
That's right.
This box is meant to be your
very own little time capsule.
Really? That's amazing.
But what should I put in it?
It's up to you. kiddo.
Could be things you'll wanna
look at when you're older.
Like wishes? In a wish box!
That's terrific. bug.
You're so creative.
Okay.
I know where I can get
some inspiration.
My favorite book.
And when the princess and her
knight defeated the ogre.
she found herself
miraculously transformed
from a terrifying werewolf.
to once again.
a beautiful princess.
First. I wish everyone in
my kingdom will be happy.
Second. I want all my dreams
to come true.
Third. I wish someday I will
find my knight.
May all your wishes come true.
Happy birthday. Junebug.
* There's no need to shout it *
* I sing your name *
[phone alarm beeping]
**
* Lost in your clouds and
your current *
* I'm under your waves *
* Sweeping me out in
your ocean *
* Could live here for days *
* You're the rolling thunder *
* You're the pouring rain *
* And you know. and you know
I would do anything *
* Do anything for you *
* Ooh *
* I would do anything.
anything for you *
* Ooh *
* I would do anything for you *
Hey. Micah.
Hey. Your Americano's
on the bar.
Thank you.
My rocket fuel for the day.
Uh. excuse me.
Excuse me.
I think you might have
my coffee.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
This doesn't taste like
a caramel latte.
It's not a caramel latte. it's
an Americano. and it's mine.
Well. it was mine.
Whoopsies. My mistake. Juniper.
I'll fetch you a new one.
Couldn't you tell it
wasn't what you ordered?
I didn't really think
about it to be honest.
I order something
new every day.
-I stick with what I like.
-Here you go. one Americano.
Oh. thank you. Um...
This is yours and. no...
This... this one's. no...
Yes? Yours?
-Yeah. I'll take that.
-I'll take this one.
You know what.
I'll make you a new one.
-Okay. Well...
-I have my coffee.
And I have no coffee.
Well. have a good day.
Yeah. you too.
[pleasant music]
Morning.
-Hi Kylie.
-Good morning.
[alerts chiming]
Coming to the meeting?
It's starting now.
Sure.
So. our focus this past year
has skewed toward young adult
and graphic novels.
Where we're falling behind
is in picture book offerings.
People. we are a small company.
virtually the only in-print
left that hasn't been swallowed
up by one of the conglomerates.
So. I'm opening this up to
all of you. to help us find
the next great picture book and
bring us back into that arena.
Paula. I'm sure we'd all
love as much
guidance as possible
from you.
Well. for starters...
no more animal. monster.
or cute alien protagonists.
That was two seasons ago.
But. the key for us
is always going to be in
finding an amazing
new illustrator.
So. any thoughts there.
any ideas?
Nope? Okay. fine.
Well. put the word out.
I wanna see some pitches. even
early concepts. by end of week.
Okay.
That's it.
Juniper. Can I have a word?
I can't downsize anymore.
It's all hands on deck.
We're all happy to pitch in.
Paula.
I know the pool seems
shallow right now.
but I am positive that there's
still some fantastic
undiscovered talent out there.
I certainly hope so.
You've been swamped
with administration
the past few months.
and it's not really
the editor's job.
but you have the best eye here.
I left a few
prospects on your desk.
-Have a look.
-Yeah. Happy to.
You're a rockstar. Juniper.
Rock on.
[phone buzzes]
Dropping by after work
with something special.
I regret ever teaching you
where to find the emojis. Mom.
Okay.
[pleasant music]
[knock at door]
It's us. dear!
Coming!
Hey. where's Dad?
He's coming.
Dad. are you coming?
I'm coming!
I told him I'd help.
he would have none of it.
So stubborn!
Mom. I need
this to be quick.
because I'm meeting
Ethan for dinner tonight.
I have a bunch of submissions
from work to review.
Look what I found cleaning out
the basement. [chuckles]
Ta-da!
What is it?
Don't you recognize it?
It's your wish box.
Your time capsule
from when you were eight.
Don't you remember?
I don't know. vaguely...
I guess?
We thought you might want it
since you've got
a big birthday coming up.
[whispers] 4-0.
And you got me this instead of.
I don't know. a blender
or something I could
actually use.
It's a chance for
you to reconnect with
the dreams you had
when you were
a young girl.
And why do I need to reconnect
with them exactly?
Is it 'cause I'm not doing well
in my life. in my career?
It's just. it's...
We can't remember the last time
that we saw you...
Smile. That old Junebug smile.
And birthday parties used
to make you smile. and...
It's been a long time
since you had one
and we could help.
Dad. I don't really have time
for birthday parties. Okay?
I'm very busy and
I really need to get dressed.
Of course. of course.
We've got euchre
tonight anyway.
Uh. we were just
dropping by.
Yep. Just dropping by.
I hear it when just one
of you says it.
Don't forget you're coming
for dinner tomorrow night.
-Dinner tomorrow night.
-Yup. dinner tomorrow night.
Okay.
[exhales]
[upbeat music]
I'm getting the team ready for
this tech symposium we're doing
and the managers just
keep micromanaging
our process development.
They want market projections.
sales projections.
finance projections.
Sounds like a lot of projection.
Exactly.
Okay. you two.
Something for dessert?
-Just the check.
-Ooh. I--
-Sorry. Did you want something?
-No. no. no.
We don't normally bother
with dessert.
No. no. I changed
my mind. yeah.
It's okay. Yeah.
We'll take the check.
Bien. Just the check.
Listen. I wanted to ask you
a question.
I know in the past I've
sometimes gotten you
the wrong thing
for your birthday.
[chuckles]
I thought I'd just tell you
what I was planning on getting.
A pen.
A nice one.
Every editor needs
a quality pen. right?
To mark up the manuscripts
you work on.
I gave you my heart
and you gave me a pen.
Hmm?
It's a quote from
my favorite movie.
"Say Anything".
Lloyd Dobler. Diane Court.
Oh. yeah. Right. Yeah.
I think you showed me that one.
Merci. madame.
Yeah. I mean. I was thinking
that writing is really
more of a childhood dream
anyway.
And Paula was even saying that
if I continue on this path
then eventually she'll...
bring me into...
Hmm?
A pen would be lovely.
Thank you. Ethan.
[emotional music]
So. what about a nightcap?
I'm a little zapped.
Had a long day at work.
I still have a lot of files
to get through.
Okay then. I'll just
drive you home.
You know. actually. I think
I wanna walk.
It's still such a pretty
night out.
Well. I'll come with.
It's okay. I'm not very far.
Thank you so much for dinner.
I'll call you tomorrow.
He's giving you a pen?
It's... an early birthday
surprise.
Some surprise.
And see this.
this right here.
This is why you're my best
friend because you always know
when I need an early birthday
glass of Pinot.
See? There are advantages
to having your best friend
so close by.
Plus. I had a full day
of mothering twins
so I need this too.
He's really giving you a
pen for your 40th birthday?
He assured me it'd be
a nice one.
You know what that
reminds me of?
Lloyd...
Dobler. [gasps]
[in unison] Let's do it!
Where's the guy in my life
holding up a boombox
to serenade me?
That's what I wanna know.
Maybe you could find a guy
to hold up a phone?
-Not the same.
-Right. Not the same.
Nuh uh.
[clears throat]
I wish everyone in my kingdom
will be happy.
Well. clearly not quite
everyone.
I want all my dreams
to come true.
I think we're batting
above average there.
I wish someday...
I will find...
my knight.
[melancholy music]
[magical music]
Hello!
[screams]
How did you get in here?
You scared me.
How are you here?
Where... where are your parents
exactly?
I'm you. and you're me.
I've lost my mind.
It's finally happened.
No. you haven't.
You were born June 17th. 1984.
Your favorite ice cream flavor
is Raspberry Swirl.
Your mom made you take
two years of figure skating
'til you fell and chipped
a tooth.
That made you happy
'cause it meant you
could read more books.
You look up words in the
dictionary you don't know
and put a check mark next
to them--
Okay. I get it.
Oh! And you had a crush on--
Okay. Okay.
I do not need to be reminded
of ancient crushes.
How is this possible?
You seemed like you needed
a little help.
And here I am.
Did my mom put you up to this?
[chuckles] Is this like...
some kind of hidden camera show
or something?
You look exactly like me.
She gave you my old
pink overalls to wear?
This is insane.
I...
I need you to go.
I need you  to go back wherever
you came from because I have to
go to work in the morning.
Oh. goodie!
Let's pick out our outfit.
No! We're not picking out
an outfit.
Stop right there.
Look. I need you to go back to
wherever you came from. Okay?
I need some sleep.
I can't get fired because I'm...
seeing little people.
You don't want me here?
No.
Fine!
Fine.
Okay. look...
I don't know who you are
or where you came...
You're perfectly fine.
Yeah. things like this happen
to people all the time.
It's normal.
In fact. you probably
dreamed it.
And dreams are a perfectly
normal part of life.
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Apparently my breakdown
isn't over yet after all.
I'm back!
You're back.
Those clothes are boring.
Oh. thank you.
A little fashion critic.
This is exactly what I need.
Okay. well then. by all means.
what should I wear?
That one.
So bright.
I can't wear this to work.
This is a stupid impulse buy.
I was just about to return it.
[groans]
Okay. Okay.
Um... there.
Happy?
Good.
What am I doing?
Stay right there.
Okay? Just...
[dialing]
Don't move.
Stay right there.
Kate. Hi.
I need you.
Kate! Come with me.
Okay.
Okay. This way.
-Where are we going?
-Right up there.
Just right over here.
And... [gasps]
Okay.
Do you see what I see?
You're thinking about
a wardrobe purge?
I did it last month.
Regret it bitterly.
I've need to go to
the thrift store
and buy all my stuff back.
She can't see me
because I'm you.
It would be like double vision
or something like that.
What do you know about
double vision?
I didn't think you had
that much to drink last night.
I didn't. I was just...
Let's get a coffee in you
and you'll be fine.
Better get back.
Twins have swimming.
Love the scarf on you.
by the way.
Nothing wrong with a little
splash of color.
Why is this happening to me?
I'm only eight.
I don't know
how stuff like this works.
Believe me. I think you could
be 100 and still not know.
[gasps] Ooh.
I guess you gotta get back
to your publishing job.
You got all those meetings.
How do you know all that?
I told you. I'm you!
Just young you.
If you're really me.
then you should know
that I don't really have
time for this right now. I...
[sighs]
-What's that?
-[gasps]
Is that one of our books?
How did you get back there?
I wanted to see what stories
we've written.
No. I mean. what's with
the popping up
and disappearing all the time?
I don't know.
It's just fun.
If that's our book...
we sure didn't get famous.
I actually did better
than getting famous.
I am the person who helps
writers get published.
So... you're helping other
people tell their stories?
Yes. exactly.
What about our stories?
What about my Junebug stories?
Okay. this might be hard
to explain to a child.
but when you're an adult you
have to make compromises and...
Apparently you can get too
in touch with your inner child.
Hey. Americano's coming up.
Thanks.
Are you okay?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Why?
You just look a little
different. I guess.
Well. yeah. I had dinner with
my boyfriend last night.
so... probably had too much fun.
Thank you so much.
Yeah. have a great day.
Okay.
I wanna look.
Oh. oh. oh.
What are you doing?
But it's so pretty.
Well. I... uh...
[giggling]
Oh...
[metal clangs]
[cans thudding]
[paint splashes]
Oh no!
[gasps]
[groans]
If it isn't Miss Americano.
What a turn of events.
Uh... I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
Things happen. Okay?
How can you say that?
I just destroyed your mural.
No. it's a sign.
It wasn't right. anyway.
I was thinking of starting
over. to be honest.
You're being so nice
about this.
It'll be even better
once I figure out
what it's actually
supposed to be.
Um...
I might have a way
to make it up to you.
Nothing to make up.
Nope. Nope.
I think there is.
It just so happens that I work
for Little Light Publishing
and we're looking
for illustrators.
for new and different
illustrators.
I think your work is...
was beautiful and you might be
a perfect fit for us.
I appreciate the interest.
but no thanks.
Oh.
You sure?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna finish
this mural and be on my way.
That's what I do.
If you don't mind. I'm gonna
start the cleanup here.
Oh sure. Yeah. of course.
Um...
Well. if you change your mind.
I'm Juniper James
and I work for Little Light
Publishing.
You said. Yeah.
-Okay.
-I got it.
Yeah. Sorry again.
It's okay. It's okay.
I like him.
And his paintings are pretty.
Well. I don't know what
to think.
Yeah. he's intriguing.
that one.
He's been working for over
a month
and I still don't
know his name.
Huh. Really?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. do you see her?
Do I see who?
Nobody.
I think I need
another espresso.
It's on the house.
And I'm gonna give you
my cousin's email.
He's a really great therapist.
Have you heard of
Imago Therapy?
[cheerful music]
Kylie?
Hey. can you help me find
the right link here?
Sure.
Just right there.
Wait. you're interested
in Alex Ripley?
You know him?
I think I may have met him
this morning.
I was hoping to bring him in
as a new illustrator.
He's an art world icon.
Shot straight to the top.
It was sad though. after
his second exhibition.
he was absolutely savaged
by the critics.
Hmm.
Yeah. Just brutal.
He walked out of his own
opening and hasn't signed
a piece of artwork since.
Word on the street is
he's the muralist
that's been popping up
all around the city.
Look. I don't even know if this
guy is who you said he is.
but I really liked his artwork.
[chuckles] All I can say is.
if you found Alex Ripley...
nice play.
I think we should have
a quick meeting
now that the Brennan book
has fallen off the spring
release list.
Of course.
Juniper may have stumbled
across a new illustrator
this morning.
Really? Well. that's great.
Show me their stuff.
Sure.
Well. actually that's gonna be
a little hard
because he's a muralist.
A muralist.
Oh no. [laughs]
No. that's not gonna work.
-Why not?
-Someone who works
on such a large scale
like that?
No. we need
illustrators. miniaturists.
Juniper. I'm sorry.
I think you're barking up
the wrong tree there.
Excuse me. Paula.
Can I just get one minute?
One minute.
Raise your hand.
This is not a classroom.
We don't need to raise
our hand to speak.
So just keep trying.
It is not that easy.
Why not?
Wouldn't you tell me not to
give up after just trying once?
Well... yes. of course I would.
Did you say something?
Nothing.
Okay.
Do it or I'll scream.
You will not.
-[screams]
-Oh!
Actually. I do have
something to say.
Paula. I believe I've
tracked down an artist
who's really special
and I don't think it matters
if he paints on walls
or draws on papers because his
work is incredibly compelling
and you said yourself I have the
best eye in this place.
And so that is...
what I wanted to say.
Okay. I shouldn't have
shut you down.
If you're this passionate
about his work.
I'll take a look.
Great. Just one problem.
which is
that he doesn't really
wanna work with us.
I'm sorry.
You're offering me
someone who not only
has never illustrated
but he's not actually interested
in the job.
This is your solve?
Yes.
Well. best of luck with that.
Okay.
You do have the best eye
in the place.
Thank you. Rob.
Okay. listen. my workplace
has gotta be off-limits
for these visits.
So. let's do something
else then.
Ice cream!
Ice cream?
I can't go for ice cream in
the middle of the morning.
I'm a responsible
adult with an important job.
Not to mention all the meetings
I have.
Just looks like homework
for grown-ups. [shudders]
I think you have a point there.
Let's go talk to that painter
you like.
I don't like him. Okay?
I just think he has talent and
it would be mutually beneficial
for us to... hey. where
are you going?
Come on.
What? I...
Aren't you coming?
[Paula] Juniper? My office.
Coming.
So. what is this exactly. Mom?
Just a new recipe I've been
meaning to try.
Is that code for I just
threw in everything
I happen to have laying
around the kitchen?
-Oh. Junebug.
-Mom.
Juniper. I always have a plan.
Don't you worry.
[straining]
Here.
[cork pops]
I loosened it.
Can I ask you a question?
Why did you give me that
time capsule wish box thingy?
I told you. just found it
cleaning out the basement.
We thought it was cute.
Yeah. Very cute.
So you weren't trying
to send me a message?
What kind of message
would we be sending?
Oh. I don't know.
The 'Are you happy?
Get your life together.
Why aren't you living
your dreams?' kind of message.
No. Uh. no message dear.
Just thought it was cute.
So cute.
Oh. you were such a spitfire
back then.
Do you remember you started
writing that novel
when you were just eight?
Yes. I do.
It is one of the four novels
I have started
and never finished.
-You should wrap those up.
-Yeah. wrap it up!
Oh my gosh you guys. enough!
I know you don't like Ethan.
I know you think I should be
doing something different
with my life.
But you know what. not everybody
gets to choose
what they do for a
living. and not everybody
met their perfect person
in 10th grade
like the two of you. so...
[exhales]
-We like Ethan.
-Mm-hmm.
His clothes are always so...
carefully chosen.
Ties especially.
That is hardly a compliment
in the world of you two.
I am going to set the table.
[Junebug] Psst!
Set a place for me.
I used to curl up right
in that spot
when I was pretending
to be sick
because I wanted to stay
home from school to read.
You should tell Mom and Dad
I'm here.
What?
Are you joking? They would
have me sent away.
Anyway. you heard Dad.
It was just something they
found in the basement. Okay?
They didn't mean
anything by it.
I think they're fooling
with you.
You know. I think you
might be right.
Dinner's served.
What are you doing in there.
dear?
Nothing.
Let's eat.
Oh. he's just such an
interesting character.
So confident.
It's a little unnerving.
You should be confident too.
Well. it's not that easy. Okay?
You can't just be confident.
It's something that...
grows in you over time as you
acquire life experiences
and you surmount challenges.
But I'm confident.
Well. you are a child.
An imaginary child.
not even a real one.
I think.
Do like Daddy says. Just
pretend you have confidence
and then before you know it.
you do have it.
Huh.
I think you might be right.
Okay.
Let's do this.
Uh. hello.
Hi. Not sure if you
remember me.
How could I forget you?
I'm still really. really
sorry about that.
And you really. really need
to stop apologizing.
I wasn't satisfied
with the work
and you gave me
the second chance
to take a second
run at it.
Okay. then I will stop
apologizing.
I'm Juniper. Juniper James.
Yeah. I remember.
Oh. Right.
And you are?
Not a fan of this weather.
Yeah.
Makes it impossible to paint.
Well look. I know I already
talked to you about this.
but I would really like you
to consider trying a new way
to get your art out there.
Oh. I don't know.
I like murals.
I like to beautify the world.
Do you... sign them?
I leave them unsigned
because when people
learn who did them. they...
start adding your story
onto what you did.
And is that bad?
It is when they care more
about your story than the work.
Well... that wouldn't be true
with a picture book.
The children wouldn't care.
I like books.
I do. but...
I'm gonna stick with murals.
Okay. Yeah.
Um. no problem.
Thanks. Thanks so much
for your time.
Yeah.
Why are you leaving him there?
You have to get him
to come with you.
You're so bossy.
Look. you heard him.
He's not interested.
And I asked him twice.
Listen to the voice inside
that tells you
when things are important.
Well. I thought
that was you.
So listen!
Okay. I'll try one last thing.
Okay. Sorry to disturb again.
But I just need to say that
children's books are sacred.
They are the bedrock
of our imagination.
They're where I first
came alive as a kid.
where I first found humor
and adventure
and sheer joy and
they make us who we are
and who we're going to become
and they are important.
So... I think you're making
a mistake.
Bedrock of imagination. huh?
I like that.
You do?
Oh. Um...
Then give me an hour.
Just one hour and...
and then if you're still
not interested
then I'll leave you be.
One hour.
Okay. fine.
Because this light is
breaking my heart.
Here. Gimme a hand.
[cheerful music]
Okay. so... we have some books
that Little Light has published
and some classics
and a Caldecott Award winner.
What about you?
What do you mean?
I don't wanna see
the award winners.
I want the book that means
something to you.
Only you.
Okay. Stay right here.
Don't move.
I'll be back.
[upbeat cheerful music]
[whispers] Thank you.
[giggles]
-The Princess Werewolf.
-Mm-hmm.
Wow.
So this was your favorite
book growing up?
My absolute favorite.
What did you love most
about it?
I think how the princess works
together with the knight
to reclaim the kingdom.
It was just very inspiring.
I mean. every eight-year-old
wishes she could rule
benevolently over her own
kingdom. Right?
I can see why you loved it.
But your face right now.
looking at the images.
that is why you should share
your work in picture books.
Just think of all the little
kids reading your book.
Their faces lighting up
the way yours just did.
Are you implying I have the
mentality of an eight-year-old?
Look. at the very least.
you could take a meeting
and then decide. Right?
What do you have to lose?
Okay. well...
We're gonna need your
library card to take it out
because I don't have one.
All set.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
There you go.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
So you said this book inspired
you back there.
Is that what got you
into publishing?
Yes. Well. kind of.
When I was a little kid.
I wanted to be a writer.
I mean. what book-smart
little girl doesn't.
but publishing.
that came later.
All I heard is little Juniper
wanted to be a writer.
Junebug.
And yeah. I think most
little kids think they know
what their life
is gonna be like
but it doesn't always
work out that way.
That's why we have professions
other than astronaut.
movie star and firefighter.
Right?
Maybe that eight-year-old
knew something.
Well. she certainly
is headstrong... was.
Was headstrong.
You should tell me some
of her ideas.
I'd love to hear 'em.
No. they're nonsense.
You know. mostly the ideas
of an eight-year-old.
Isn't that who we're talking
about making a book for?
Eight-year-olds?
Are we?
Are we talking about
making a book?
I tell you what. you tell
me some of those ideas
and I'll consider taking
the meeting.
No. I can't even
remember them.
Oh. I don't believe you.
Because I can see
your eyes light up
every time you talk
about writing.
I see the passion.
Okay. That's cute.
You're using my technique
back on me.
Because we see the same things.
I don't even know your name.
Alex.
Alex Ripley.
Hi.
Anyway. Um. so...
do we have a deal?
Sure. Yes. I will try
to remember my ideas.
Okay.
Here. let me give you
my number.
Okay. Just gimme a call...
when you're ready to talk.
Thanks.
There you go.
Thank you.
Oh. wait.
I think this one's yours.
Yeah. Okay. Definitely.
There you go.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
You coming?
Yeah.
[peaceful music]
You found my stories.
I did.
[chuckles]
Not bad for an eight-year-old.
Not bad for yourself.
[phone alarm beeping]
I hate waking up so early.
Me too.
[phone alarm continues to beep]
[phone buzzing]
Pasta night again?
Yeah. Pasta nights are great.
Once a week. Ethan and I
indulge ourselves
with a nice pasta dinner
that we make together.
[sighs]
Why do you make the
same dinner every week?
I don't know.
'cause it's easier.
[spits]
Boring.
It's not boring.
It's fun.
How is it fun to do the same
thing over and over again?
Remember how Mommy used to say.
no such thing as being bored.
just being boring?
Please don't quote Mom
back at me.
And anyway.
Ethan is not boring.
He is stable.
That's what he is.
He's extremely stable.
We are not boring.
I'll prove it.
[dialing]
Hi.
[Ethan] Hey you.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I was just. um... thinking
maybe we could
try something different
for dinner tonight.
Oh. Not pasta then?
No. no. no. We could still
have pasta. but...
what about a different
type of pasta?
Isn't all pasta sorta the same?
Uh...
I just wanna try
something different.
For sure.
What kind would you like?
I don't know. Surprise me.
Okay. gotta go.
Not one word.
I know you said you wanted
to try something new.
Honestly babe. I looked at the
different boxes and I thought...
if it ain't broke. why fix it?
So I just got us penne.
as usual.
I can. uh...
I can go back and get
something else?
No. It's fine.
What's all this?
Dessert.
I got a... amaretti
and sultana cheesecake
and. um... I got some ice cream.
Raspberry swirl for fun.
Is everything okay?
Did. uh... something
happen at work today?
You didn't get fired.
did you?
What? Why would you think
I got fired?
I don't know. you've just been
acting odd lately.
[sighs]
Ethan. I think we need
to go sit down.
Ethan... what do you see
in the future for us?
-The future?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
I hadn't really given it much
thought. truthfully.
I like our little routines.
I don't understand where
this is coming from.
Okay. look. If you could
spend time
with your eight-year-old self.
do you think he would be happy
with where you are today?
When I was eight. I wanted
to be a pilot
and travel the world. so...
probably not.
I think you would've made
a great pilot
and you should...
you should travel the world.
That's kid stuff.
I didn't know about real life
when I was eight years old.
I think you might've known
a lot more than you think.
And maybe I did too.
All I know...
is that I don't wanna
end up with a bunch of regrets.
And you're saying being with me
might be one of those regrets.
Sorry. Ethan.
[melancholy music]
[sighs]
Are you sad?
I don't know.
I'm a little stunned.
Three years.
It's a long time.
We had a nice thing
going sometimes.
I don't know.
Just felt like the right
thing to do.
You know I'm just a kid. right?
I don't understand
any of this stuff.
Junebug...
You don't seem like
a kid sometimes.
Mommy always says we're like
eight going on 30.
Yes. well we're past 30 now.
[laughs]
Oh. you think that's funny.
Do you?
[both laughing]
[knock at door]
-Juniper!
[doorbell ringing]
-You home?
It's Saturday and you're
sleeping in?
What gives?
Hmm. I thought I was doing
a pretty good job of it.
Is everything okay?
You haven't answered
any of my texts.
Ethan and I broke up
last night.
Really?
Was it the pen?
It was kinda
the pen. yeah.
No. I just think it was...
time.
Wait a second.
You've met somebody.
I can see it from your eyes.
No. I...
I mean. I met this
new illustrator
I'm really excited about.
if that's what you mean.
Yeah. you like his work.
Really excited about his
illustrations. I'm sure.
I'm sorry you ended things
with Ethan.
That must've been hard.
Yeah. it was.
Thank you for being there
for me
and for basically
my entire life.
[laughs]
Katydid.
Oh. I can't believe you
remember that.
You hated our little
kid nicknames
once we got to high school.
Well yeah. because who wants
to be nicknamed after bugs?
You're the one
who made them up.
Remember. you wrote that
little story about us as bugs?
Junebug and Katydid Forever.
Oh. I can't believe
you'd forget that.
Forever.
* Ooh *
* I found you *
* I feel like I'm
finally home *
Do you want another espresso?
You might need it to finish
all that work you got there.
Oh. uh... sure.
No. that's probably
not a good idea.
I never heard from you.
Oh. hi.
Hi.
I'm glad you're here.
I need you.
You do?
Yeah. Come on.
-Micah. watch my table?
-Yeah. I got it.
Time for some penance.
No. no. no. no. no.
Oh yeah.
It's happening.
Besides. you owe me.
-I kind of do.
-Yeah.
Have a seat.
Alright.
What if I mess it up again?
You won't mess it up.
Do the background.
I'll handle the detail work.
We're using acrylics.
but you have to move fast.
This is what painters call
open time
because paints are still wet.
you can still mix them.
Open time.
Alright. I kinda of like that.
[peaceful music]
[chuckles]
This is pretty fun.
I haven't really done anything
like this since I was a kid.
A huge part of creativity
is connecting
with that kid part
of yourself.
Can I ask you something?
Why are you here?
What do you mean?
Well. you achieved
unprecedented success.
I've done my homework on you.
I don't see it that way.
What I mean is you could be
in Barcelona or Lucerne
or Kyoto and you're
right here in Seattle.
Why?
Easy.
I grew up not far from here.
Part of keeping the work fresh
is reconnecting with where you
came from. what your story is.
Yeah. I think that could be
my problem.
Sort of lost who I was
the last few years.
It's one of my biggest
regrets right now.
I don't believe in regrets.
But... if I had any.
it would be not finishing
what I started.
I can relate to that.
I started writing so many times
and it's always the same.
I get spooked and never finish.
Doesn't sound worthy
of regret.
it just sounds worthy
of finishing.
What about your story idea?
I've got notions and ideas.
but nothing solid really.
Well. we have a deal.
No story...
no meeting.
But I can team you with
so many amazing writers.
I've already found who
I wanna collaborate with.
Actually. I think I do
have an idea.
Okay.
You have my number. so text me
some times for a meeting.
Okay.
For real this time.
You got it.
Alright. I should get back
so I can get my stuff.
Yeah. Thanks for the help.
Yeah.
[singing] Alex and Juniper
sittin' in a tree.
-K-I-S-S-I-N-G.
-Okay.
Shh!
Well. at least now you know
his name.
First comes love.
then comes marriage.
[exhales]
You're unhappy.
I just don't know what
I'm gonna tell Alex tomorrow.
He expects me to have a story
to pitch and...
I just don't wanna
let him down.
You won't.
He likes you.
You need to get some sleep.
Yeah. We're up way past
our bedtimes.
Yes. we are.
Whoa!
You cleaned up.
Feels like the first
day of school.
I hated the
first day of school.
Well. it won't be
that bad... I hope.
I've got a mural to paint.
Wait. Don't you dare.
No. We're in this together.
So...
Think of this as talking to
someone who admires your work.
If Paula came by and saw
the mural.
you would just
talk to her. Right?
-Okay. Alright. fine.
-Yeah.
What's that?
Um... nothing.
Ready to go in?
Uh. wait. Hold on.
What's our story here?
What are we telling her?
Okay. so I wanted to talk
to you about that.
Um... I am really struggling
with the writing.
so we need to go in there
and ask Paula
to pair you with
a real writer.
I'll still be your editor.
so we will have a very
creative relationship.
but this is really
the best decision.
-No.
-What?
No. Didn't you just say
we're in this together?
You're the writer.
I'm the artist.
and that's what
we tell your boss.
-Come on.
- But. Alex...
Alex...
It's very impressive.
You have a distinctive style.
which we're always
on the lookout for
in new illustrators.
It's a great portfolio.
Yeah. I. uh. didn't compile it.
What do you mean?
Well. I put it together. Paula.
There are pictures of his work
all over the internet
and people really love it.
That's funny.
I've always resisted
having a portfolio.
You'll make a a great addition
to our team.
Okay? Yeah.
So the next stage is to find
an author to team you up with.
Which. uh. Little Light
is small.
but we are a highly thought
of children's book publisher
so I'm sure it won't be
a problem.
Oh. well. I've already found
who I wanna work with.
You have?
Is it someone I'd know?
[chuckles nervously]
It's me. Paula.
I'm sorry?
I'm going to be writing
the text.
I wouldn't even be here
if it wasn't for Juniper.
She has a real passion
for children's literature
and a great idea for a book
I think you'd find exciting.
Great. Hit me.
Well. we're not exactly
ready to present it yet.
But she told me many great
things about you
so I really wanted to meet.
I see.
And it's very nice Juniper
said those things.
She's a very talented editor.
But writing a book is a
whole other kettle of fish.
so I'm gonna have to give
this some more thought.
It's the first time
an employee's ever
presented themselves to me
as an author.
[notification alert]
-Um...
Yes. I have a new fire
to deal with here.
so Alex. you're
very talented.
and Juniper. you
just let me know
when you are ready to
take it to the next stage.
Okay. great.
Well. off you go.
-Okay. Thank you.
-Okay.
Thank you.
-Get the door.
-Of course. yes. Always.
-Got you.
-Okay.
I got you.
Thank you.
I thought it went well.
I liked her more
than I expected to.
Don't you understand?
She expects something soon.
Like soon. soon.
I'm not ready as a writer.
I am not ready
as a human being.
Breathe. Breathe.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
What's the worst
that could happen?
Well. Paula will resent that
I put myself forward as writer.
Our entire relationship
will be soured.
Eventually she'll start to
question all of my work.
Before I know it. she'll
fire me and I won't be able
to pay my rent.
Then I'll have to move in
with my parents and when I'm
living in my parents' basement..
Okay. Okay.
I get it. I get it.
And you've proven you have
a very crazy imagination.
I do.
Watch out.
Whoa.
Jeez.
Okay. that was a total
Lloyd Dobler move.
I gave up my boombox
and Peter Gabriel tapes
a long time ago.
Stop it. You know
"Say Anything".
Of course. Yeah. It's...
Yeah. it's a classic.
Anyway. I have a commission
to finish.
I gotta get back.
So... where should we start?
Let's start tonight at 8:00
at the caf.
We'll go over some stuff.
Okay.
-Anyway. see you tonight.
-Yeah.
Um...
-This... yeah.
-That way.
Ooh!
Hi Mom.
What a surprise.
To what do we owe this honor?
Oh. I don't know.
You and Dad are always so sweet
about keeping in touch.
I just kinda thought
it was my turn.
And look!
Groceries.
Oh. thank you so much. dear.
Dad. Juniper's here.
Building a house
for the birds. Dad?
Yep. Just gotta a put a
coat of paint on this thing.
I could help with that. I just
had my first painting lesson.
Kind of.
Anyway. I wanted
to let you know
I won't be available
much this week
because I'm going to be
submitting a project
to Little Light.
Oh. that's wonderful. dear.
You're such a good editor.
Oh. I'm actually gonna be
the writer on this one.
Yeah. I mean. there's
no guarantees
because we have absolutely
no track record.
But Paula really loves
Alex's artwork.
Alex is the muralist
I told you about.
I don't think you did.
No?
Oh. well I met him down in
Capitol Hill working on a mural
and we just decided to
give this thing a go.
Oh. that sounds nice.
Yeah.
So your dad and I were
wondering about. um...
the possibility of having
a little party.
Just a little one.
For your birthday.
towards the end of the month.
-End of the month.
-Just friends and family.
-Friends and family.
-Nothing to...
Maybe.
-[in unison] Really?
-Sure.
Uh... well you can let us know
and you can invite this Alex.
-And Ethan. of course.
-Of course.
Ethan and I broke up.
I gotta run. Love you!
Okay. so our heroine
is a young girl.
She's imaginative. spirited.
occasionally exasperating.
I bet that probably
described you.
Well. actually. I found some
visual inspiration for us.
And I think she's
a little girl...
a lot like this.
-Ah. you liked it.
-I did.
I think that's exactly
what she should look like.
I love it.
-You do?
-Yeah.
Can't wait to start
drawing her.
So we're doing this.
We're really doing this.
Yeah. We are.
You know you're gonna have to
put your name on this. right?
Because Paula won't
publish a book
that doesn't credit
the illustrator.
I think that...
I would be more than okay
to put my name on this.
[inspirational music]
[clears throat]
I have two coffees for you.
Thanks Micah. Um...
[chuckles] We're not gonna be
too much longer.
No. Take your time.
[cheerful music]
[exhales]
[alert chimes]
[contained cheers]
Yes!
[giggles]
I like your dance.
You'll never guess
what just happened.
I know. I know it all.
Of course you do.
You haven't been
around as much lately.
You know why.
I haven't needed you.
Hm.
[chuckles]
You know it's bad when you
can count the amount
of sleep you've gotten in
minutes instead of hours.
But I guess that's life when
you're the mother of twins.
Well. you can hide out here
all day if you want.
No. I should get back soon.
or else chaos will erupt again.
You ever wonder how you managed
to end up where you are?
Yeah. I hear you. I guess I'm
just shocked at how I managed
to make one little compromise
after another
until suddenly I didn't even
remember who I was anymore.
They have a word for that.
you know?
Which is?
Adulting.
That is a terrible word.
And an even worse concept.
I guess I'm happy
I'm writing again.
but I forgot how hard it was.
I'm totally stuck.
Yeah. I get it.
I mean. I love my kids.
They're all I've ever wanted.
they're my whole life. but...
sometimes I just wish I could
get a vacation.
Or even just a day or two.
Yeah. Just...
just a day or two.
What are you thinking?
Nothing. I gotta make a call.
Yeah. back to real life.
-Okay. Love you.
-Love you.
Morning.
Americano.
-Thanks.
-It's Wednesday.
Yes. All day.
He goes to the art supply
store on Wednesday.
Otherwise the paints dry up
and become hard to work with.
Or at least that's what
he mentioned last week.
-Thank you.
-Mmhmm.
Can I get another one of these?
[upbeat cheerful music]
Rocket fuel for the day?
Hey you.
That was nice of you.
-I have something for you.
-Hm.
Are those the...
The finished drawings.
I sent a link to your email
so you can download the
digital version. but...
I thought you'd want
the real thing.
Can't wait to see 'em.
Just drew what was in my head
because of what you wrote.
So. uh... how are the rest
of the words coming?
Honestly. I'm a little stuck.
Could use some inspiration.
Road trip?
Wow. Is that yours?
That's a classic.
I know.
Not exactly what I had
in mind for you.
Well. Mr. Ripley. I have
hidden depths.
Shall we?
Your boss... what about work?
I already called Paula.
even she thinks I need
a vacation.
Don't worry. Micah can watch
your stuff.
Coming?
Coming.
Wow.
[upbeat cheerful music]
I recognize this area
from when I was a kid.
Did you ever come here
with your parents?
No. I don't think so.
You should take the next
turn off.
Trust me.
It's what you're looking for.
I trust you.
[upbeat cheerful music]
This is exactly what I needed.
Me too. It's nice not
to be staring
at a brick wall for a while.
I thought getting out on the
road might spark some ideas.
Yeah. It seems like
you're winning that fight.
You doing a book.
Well. that's thanks
to you.
And to this friend.
She came along and reminded me
of all of my childhood
passions.
So now you're gobbling down
pop rocks any chance you get?
Okay. okay. So maybe not
all my childhood passions.
No. I think she just
helped me remember
that writing can be play.
I don't have to think about
the logistics and the marketing
and the analytics. that I
could just write something.
Anything. anything at all.
Something similar
happened to me.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I had my first gallery show.
Actually my first show
anywhere. really.
And it went great. It did.
But when it came time
for the second.
I guess there were resentments.
And people were not kind.
And just like that...
All my passion for painting
was gone.
literally in a single night.
I guess I was naive.
But it really crushed me.
I didn't wanna be a part
of that world anymore.
Yeah.
And now you're
stuck here with me.
I am suffering for my art.
Oh yes. clearly.
I can see little Juniper
down there.
Wait. what? You can?
Yeah. Running around.
Feeling the sunlight
on your face.
Dreaming about all the books
you're gonna write someday.
[chuckles]
Come on. let's go
check out the town.
Okay.
[upbeat cheerful music]
Everything okay?
Yeah. Just ironic to be
talking about the past.
It's a text from
my old art dealer.
Yeah?
Yeah.
She has interest from
the Venice Biennial
to exhibit some
of my pieces. but...
I'll pass.
Hold on.
You're going to pass
on going to Venice.
Uh huh.
Will they pay some
of your expenses?
Sure. yeah. But...
I just don't feel connected
to that work anymore.
It'd feel false
to put my name on it.
Okay.
What's that face for?
Okay. fine.
By turning down the chance
to exhibit that work.
you are pretending
you don't have a past.
Instead of just reckoning
with it.
If you come with me.
I'll say yes.
How's that sound?
Why?
Simple.
Because this can't possibly
be your only vacation.
[laughs]
[cheerful music]
You are going to have
to eat that quick.
You're gonna
get ice creamy fingers.
Oh. you seriously do not
have to worry about that.
You were pretty excited
they had raspberry swirl.
but I'll say... interesting
choice of toppings.
I'm an extra cookie crumbs
kinda gal.
Mm.
[in unison] You know
I could see myself
living in a place like this...
...someday.
Jinx. You owe me a Coke.
Come on. Come on.
This place is awesome!
If you wanna go in there. you
gotta finish your ice cream.
You do not have to worry
about that.
Alright.
-I got that...
-Let's go.
-I got that covered.
-Okay.
Mmhmm.
I like this one.
Buy this one.
No.
But... maybe this one?
Oh. that is one of
my favorites.
You know what I think will
fall really nicely on you?
I think I have the perfect
something something for that.
Okay.
What do you think?
Uh. excuse me.
I came in with someone.
Did she leave? Or...
No. she's right over...
I'm right here.
You look incredible.
Thank you.
No. I mean incredible.
Thank you again.
Here. What do you think?
I love it.
I'll take both of them.
Thank you Roz.
for all your help.
Okay. I'll get changed and then
we can get back on the road.
Oh no. With you dressed
like that.
we're going to dinner.
Uh. excuse me. What's the
nicest restaurant in town?
I would definitely say
The Lookout.
Great wine list.
It's beautiful.
Right on the water too.
Um...
You're an inspiration.
Do you...
Can you do the same for me?
I have the perfect thing.
Alright.
Wow.
[laughs]
You make me feel
self-conscious.
At least I was able to
pick up this cool jacket.
Try to pull off my best
James Dean here.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
I honestly can't tell
the difference.
Ah... you flatter.
This feels really good.
So much in my life has changed.
I think I really needed this.
Oh. and...
I think I have the title
for our book.
Oh yeah?
It's pretty simple actually.
Junebug.
It's perfect.
It's a lot easier
to be creative
when you shake
up your routine.
Yeah. Seriously.
I spent the last five years
never living in the same city
for more than a few weeks.
It's hard to have a
healthy relationship.
You can only live your
life like that for so long.
I feel like that part
of my life is ending.
Alex. you don't have
to say that.
I'm saying it
because it's true.
So... what are we thinking
for dessert?
Oh. uh... well. we just had
ice cream.
Oh. come on.
We're on vacation.
I'll get menus.
* I write love songs
but they're not about you *
* They pour out like that.
I'm so misconstrued *
* Some would say that
that's a sign *
* But I sit back and close
my eyes *
* I'm waiting for
the big bang *
* The one that takes us out *
* The big bang that
kicks me out the house *
* The big bang. the ones
out of my mouth *
Well...
thanks for taking me
on your little vacation
And you're... you're nearby?
Yeah. Yeah.
Got a studio over there.
Okay. Good.
Um...
well. I'd better get going.
It was fun.
A lot of fun.
Yeah.
Okay.
Alright.
I meant to tell you.
I have just a few details left
on the mural.
I'll finish tomorrow.
I'd love you to come by
and see it.
Yeah. I'd love that.
Great. Text me?
-Yeah. I'll text you.
-Or I'll text you.
Yeah. or you can... we can just
exchange texts.
Great.
Okay.
-Good night.
[exhales]
[cheerful music]
Juniper!
Hey.
Ethan.
How are you?
I'm doing good. You?
It's really good to hear.
I'm doing well too.
I'm glad we ran into each
other. you know.
I had something I wanted
to tell you.
I signed up for my first
flying lesson next week.
What?
Wow. That's amazing.
What about you?
You look. uh...
you look different.
I guess I am.
I'm writing.
That's fantastic.
I guess I should still give you
that birthday pen.
Oh. that's very sweet.
but totally unnecessary.
No. no. I want to.
I wanna thank you.
You know. when you broke up
with me.
well... to be honest.
it was hard.
But it was the right thing
for both of us.
I really. really appreciate
you saying that. Ethan.
Nice to see you.
[upbeat music]
Morning.
So. did you have
a good day off?
I did. Thank you.
I hope I didn't leave you
in the lurch.
Oh no. we survived.
Kylie stepped up.
Took over some of your
meetings.
Okay. Glad to hear it.
Could you bring Alex by.
maybe end of day?
We could have a meeting.
all of us.
Sure. I was gonna pop out
and see the unveiling
of his mural.
so I'll just grab him then.
-Perfect. Okay.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Let's do this right.
Keep your eyes closed. Okay?
Here we go.
Drum roll please.
[chuckles]
Oh!
[imitates drum roll]
I'm really more of a
reader than a musician.
You mean more of a writer.
What do you think?
It's so beautiful.
Wait. I don't understand.
You could see her?
Who?
Junebug.
I told you. that was
my vision of Junebug
from when we were
on the beach.
But I thought I was the
only one who could see her.
I guess this means my
eight-year-old self
approves of you.
Not sure what that means. but...
I'm happy about it.
Hey. are you free
later this afternoon?
When I'm finished with this.
I'm a man of leisure.
At least for a few
days anyway.
Good. Paula wants to have
a meeting with us.
I look forward to it.
Mm-hmm.
I wanted to meet with you
in person
because I like and
respect you both.
But we are not going to move
forward with this project.
That's... too bad.
Can you...
tell me why?
Of course.
Juniper. it's a lovely story.
but we're a small boutique firm
and this would be
a risk for us.
It's a risk I just
can't take right now.
And Alex. it's more
than evident you're talented.
But the worry I voiced
to Juniper is still there.
The scale of your drawings
feels off.
You're still thinking in terms
of painting large walls
instead of the delicacy
of book illustrations.
Maybe if you had stayed
with your gallery work.
it would be less of a problem.
Maybe.
Well. um. thank you very much
for considering it.
[Paula] Of course.
Hey.
It's happening again.
No. Alex. It isn't.
This is not why
I make my work.
to have somebody tell me
what market it's right for?
Look. that's just
how she talks. Okay?
It doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't mean we can't
take our book someplace else.
No. I was happy
doing my work.
Alright. now I'm back
in the place I hated.
Don't. Okay. Alex.
Don't do this.
I gotta go.
Why is he going?
I don't want him to go.
Don't let him go.
Well. I wish you would
just go.
Fine. So I will.
[knock at door]
Come in. Katydid.
What exactly is going on here?
Well. at the moment
I'm making a ros float.
Thing is that it's supposed
to be made with sorbet.
which I do not have.
But you know what I do have?
Is so much raspberry swirl
ice cream.
Yeah. That's not how
you make a float.
I'm gonna take this
away now.
You're not eight years old
anymore.
No. but those eight-year-olds
are still very much
a part of us.
Okay. What's going on?
I can't even really begin
to tell you. so...
let's just say that every dream
I ever thought I had
seemed to somehow magically
vanish into thin air today.
Dreams seem like magic.
but they're actually
the hardest work
if you ever stand a chance of
having them come true.
Who said that?
You did.
You said that to me
in high school
and I remembered it when I
wanted to drop out of college.
when I couldn't find
a job afterward.
when Ryan and I had trouble
getting pregnant
with the twins.
Okay. I get it.
You're the hardest working
person I know. Junebug.
Why would you give that up now?
No matter what's going on.
Thank you.
Come here.
What did I do to deserve you?
You pushed our mats together
at kindergarten nap time.
People really underestimate
the importance of that.
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
No.
It looks so good though.
It does not look good.
It really does.
Can I just lick it?
-No. please no.
[laughing]
[peaceful music]
I wish for...
Junebug to return.
[inspirational music]
[phone alarm beeping]
Hey. Micah.
Hey.
Feels strange not to see
him out there anymore. huh?
Yeah. I guess he's moved on.
Yeah.
He's working across town...
on a mural on Fremont
by the park.
You know the
intersection there.
I know it.
Well... I'll get
your Americano.
Thanks.
Actually. wait.
I'm gonna try something
different today.
What would you like?
Surprise me.
[alerts chiming]
Hey. are you going
to the meeting
about the production timetable
or are we going to discuss
the next few weeks--
No. no. no.
No more meetings.
Juniper. could we move
the Handel book
to the fall release schedule.
-No!
I'm sorry. what?
I'm not going to the
production meeting.
I'm not going to
the morning meeting.
the meeting meeting.
I'm not going to any more
meetings because I am quitting.
Yes. I am quitting.
See? Quitting.
Okay. I think we need to discuss
this in my office.
Look. I just had a glimpse
of another life.
a different life.
for one day.
And it has apparently made it
impossible for me
to go back to my old life.
Is this because I passed
on your project?
No. it really isn't Paula.
But I get to concentrate on
publishing my first book.
[Junebug] Yay!
Hi.
Thought you might be gone
for good.
I won't ever go.
How could I?
I'll always be you.
-Paula.
-Mm?
Oh.
I thank you for everything.
I really mean that.
Rob. it's been a pleasure.
Cheerio.
[inspirational music]
Oh. hey.
Hey Dad. Um...
Can you go into
the basement for me?
I need you to see if
you can find something.
Do you know where
my old CDs are?
Great.
* If you ever want me *
* If you change your mind *
* There's no river too wide *
* No ocean too deep *
Juniper?
* I'll be there for you *
* And nothing would keep me
from loving you *
[groans] Sorry.
I have to put this thing down.
it's actually really heavy.
Easy.
Don't hurt yourself.
Woo! I need to do more
strength training.
Anyway... I did it.
I quit my job.
What?
That's a huge move.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you. but I have
something to say.
Alex. it was just one no.
I'm not stopping
at the first no.
You haven't learned the
lesson of your life.
You didn't like how your work
was being presented
so you changed all that.
Why can't we do the same thing
for our book?
What do you mean?
We can find another publisher.
or if we don't.
we can publish it ourselves.
Isn't that the lesson?
I guess so. Yeah.
I really want to bring Junebug
into the world with you.
And more importantly...
I don't wanna lose you.
Even if you don't wanna be
a part of the project.
I guess there's only
one thing left to say.
What's that?
[romantic music]
This is how the movie
should have ended.
[peaceful music]
[cheerful music]
It looks perfect.
It is.
What's this?
Just something from my past.
Or it could be my future.
It's complicated.
Huh.
How long until everyone's here?
I think about an hour.
You're sure you don't want
a big birthday banner?
Oh no. Dad. I don't need
anything like that.
Or balloons.
I'm not eight
years old.
Well. speak for yourself.
We've basically
already established
I'm a child at heart. right?
[chuckles]
I think maybe we all are.
Okay. I would like to give
a little birthday toast.
Um. not to myself. but...
to all of you.
I think birthdays are
a time that we should
look around and we should see
how fortunate we truly are.
To have such amazing parents.
Who raised me from
a little Junebug.
And such incredible colleagues
who have taught me so much.
And someone special...
who truly sees me.
Cheers.
[all together] Cheers.
* I searched the whole world *
* three times over *
Cheers!
I love you.
* Through every closed
and open door *
* I didn't even know
what I was looking for *
I wanted to ask you something.
On the jacket of the book
it says Alex K. Ripley.
What's the K stand for?
Oh. I didn't tell you?
Knight.
But I don't have any armor.
It's okay.
I'd rather have less armor
and more vulnerability.
After all. isn't that
the theme of our book?
I wouldn't know.
I'm not the writer.
[chuckles]
* I found the love *
* I found the love in you *